📖 Documents how to triage E2E test failure (#3590)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

docs](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/devel). Expect reviewers to request that you
avoid common [go style mistakes](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments) in your PRs.

## Triaging E2E test failures

When you submit a change to the Cluster API repository as set of validation jobs is automatically executed by 
prow and the results report is added to a comment at the end of your PR.

> Some jobs run linters or unit test, and in case of failures, you can repeat the same operation locally using `make` 
> in oder to investigate and fix the problem (the prow logs usually provide hints about the make target you should use). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some jobs run linters or unit test, and in case of failures, you can repeat the same operation locally using `make test lint-full [etc..] ` 
in order to investigate and potential issues. Prow logs usually provide hints about the make target you should use, there might be more than one command that needs to be run. 
```

Author: done!

Other jobs are running E2E creating real clusters using a Cluster API version that includes your changes.

> In case of E2E test failures, usually it is required to access artifacts from the prow logs to triage the problem. 

Author: done!
